# 1.6.1
* Use keyword argument for ERB.new to suppress deprecated warnings.
* Use default bundle path (`vendor/bundle`) when `Bundler.settings[:path]` returns nil.

# 1.6.0
* Drop support for Ruby 2.3 and 2.4.

# 1.5.0
* Add ability to generate and verify x509 certificates.

# 1.4.1
* Bundle extra files in the gem (MIT-LICENSE etc.).

# 1.4.0
* Allow thor 0.x and 1.x.

# 1.3.4
* Remove extra spaces from the database templates.

# 1.3.3
* Address a deprecation warning when using Rails 6.0.

# 1.3.2
* Gem specifies MIT license.

# 1.3.1
* Fix adapter name in the database.yml.dice template for PostgreSQL.

# 1.3.0
* Detect pg gem and generate database.yml.dice for PostgreSQL.

# 1.2.3
* Fix: Add missing newline after ruby warning message.

# 1.2.2
* Remove trailing space from the message generated by `<%= warning.as_yaml_comment %>`.

# 1.2.1
* Replaces `starts_with?` with `start_with?` to remove Rails dependency.

# 1.2.0
* Adds a `config:generate_from_gems` task to generate the templates from the specified gems only

# 1.1.1
* Updates the database.yml.dice file to not provide settings for test and development when
 building in production.

# 1.1.0
* Removed the template for Newrelic.

# 1.0.0
* `config:generate_all` task allows user to choose an appropriate action when source and local templates are different.
* `config:generate_all:force` allows user to generate templates in 'force mode' (replacing local templates with the source).

# 0.9.0
* Feature: Adding a bang (!) at the end of method names, will raise when the variable
 is not found in production.
* New relic template to use SSL by default

# 0.8.0
* Fix Template generation fails if the target directory is missing
* Document that configuration files must not be loaded in Rails config/application.rb
* Don't overwrite config files if user responds 'No' instead of just 'N'.
* Omit .dice files in Bundler path or in dot-prefixed directories

# 0.7.1
* The ensure_is_private_key method now additionally supports RSA keys without spaces.

# 0.7.0
* New ensure_is_private_key helper method to process RSA private keys.
* New config:deploy rake task to use for deployments, which overwrites config files without prompting.

# 0.6.0
* **Breaking change:** Only templates with the '.dice' extension are processed.
* **Breaking change:** Local override via the '.local' extension has been removed.
* Templates are processed in all directories.

# 0.5.0
* Generated templates should be committed to source control.
* New '.dice' extension for templates.
* Better testing infrastructure.
* Plugins and rake task can specify custom location for templates.

# 0.4.1
* Fix: Templates are generated in 'config' directory for Rails projects.

# 0.4.0
* Initial open source release.
